This repository is a storage of my labs and assignments for COMP 20: Web Programming. 
My favorite lab was Lab 5: The Epic Fail. It provided sufficient intructions and interesting requirements. It took a reasonable amount of time to finish and I had an enjoyable time completing it. Moreover, it was the lab that really cemented my understanding of HTML basics and helped me navigate later labs and assignment.
All the assignments have their own challenges and fascinating points, but the most memorable for me was lab 3. At first, I was completely clueless on how to start working for it, having already missed one important lecture due to the Flu. However, after doing plenty and plenty of researches on my own, I was able to gain decent insights to solve the problems. Later, thanks to a TA's useful teachings, I was able to complete the assignment in one sitting. I also took suggestion from one of my friends to further perfect it. It was a hard but rewarding assignment.
From being a total newbie on day one, I can now proudly claim that I have barely scratched the surface of Web Programming. I have gotten familiar with HTML, CSS, XML request, Javascript, nodejs, mongodb, basic web security, and many other soft skills.
One of the most importants lessons I have learnt is that "You never never trust users' input". Validation inputs is one of the most effective ways to protect your web application from popular attacks like data injection and cross-site scripting. And those attackes are by far the most prominent ones. Another important lesson is that I have to ask a lot of questions to get the answer.    
There are just too many more things I want to learn: design, security, more applications, etc, and further continue all the skills I have grasped and presented with.